Document a way to flow graph can be attached to arbitrary task_arena (#785)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: doc/main/tbb_userguide/attach_flow_graph_to_arena.rst

.. _attach_flow_graph_to_arena:

Attach Flow Graph to an Arbitrary Task Arena
======================

> |short_name| ``task_arena`` interface provides mechanisms to guide tasks execution
> within the arena by setting the preferred computation units or restricting part of
> computation units. In some cases, you may want to use mechanisms within a flow graph.

Reviewer: Perhaps,
```suggestion
|short_name| ``task_arena`` interface provides mechanisms to guide tasks
execution within the arena by setting the preferred computation units,
restricting part of computation units, or limiting arena concurrency. In some
cases, you may want to apply such mechanisms when a flow graph executes.
```
?

.. _attach_flow_graph_to_arena:

> Attach Flow Graph to arbitrary Task Arena

Reviewer 2: Maybe it is worth adding in which cases a user may need to attach flow graph to task arena

> Attach Flow Graph to arbitrary Task Arena

Author: Changes has been applied.

> Attach Flow Graph to arbitrary Task Arena

Author: Comment has been applied

======================

During construction a ``graph`` object captures a reference to the arena of the thread that

> constructed the object. Whenever a task is spawned to execute work in the graph, the tasks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
constructed the object. When a task is spawned to execute work in a graph, the tasks
```

> are spawned in this arena, not in the arena of the that caused the task to be spawned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are spawned in that arena, not in the arena that caused the task to be spawned.
```

> All tasks are spawned into a single arena, the arena of the thread that constructed the graph

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All tasks are spawned into a single arena that constructed a graph
```

object.

::

>        task_arena a{2};

Reviewer 2: what should this example demonstrate to users?

Author: Adding tittles to both examples

       a.execute( [&]() {
           graph g;
           function_node< string > f( g, unlimited, []( const string& str ) {
               int current_concurrency = tbb::this_task_arena::max_concurrency();
               cout << str << " : " << current_concurrency << endl;
           } );
           f.try_put("arena");
           g.wait_for_all();
       } );

> Used by a ``graph`` the ``task_arena`` can be changed by calling the ``graph::reset()`` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``task_arena`` used by a ``graph`` can be changed by calling a ``graph::reset()`` function.
```

Reviewer 2: How it can be changed and how does it benefit users?

This reinitializes the ``graph``, including recapturing the task arena.

> ::

Reviewer 2: Same here, we need a title for example

Author: Applied

       graph g;

>        task_arena arena{2};

Author: Applied

       function_node< string > f( g, unlimited, []( const string& str ) {
           int current_concurrency = tbb::this_task_arena::max_concurrency();

>            cout << str << " : " << current_concurrency << endl;

Author: Example has been reworked

       } );
       arena.execute( [&]() {
           g.reset();
           f.try_put("arena");

>            g.wait_for_all();

Author: Applied

       } );

> Since the main thread constructs the ``graph`` object, the ``graph`` will use the default arena,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the main thread constructs the ``graph`` object, the ``graph`` uses the default arena.
```

> which we initialize with eight slots. After calling ``reset`` function to reinitialize

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Such an arena is initialized with eight slots. After calling the ``reset`` function to reinitialize
```

> the graph and nodes executes in arena ``arena``.

Reviewer 2: Not clear what is this sentence for.

Author: Removed as not necessary.

> the graph and nodes executes in arena ``arena``.

Reviewer: > which we initialize with eight slots

I don't see we use eight slots anywhere.

Also, I don't think we need to explain in words what happens in the code. I believe, we pretty much explained that in the previous paragraph. What is essential here is to show the output of this program, the concurrency value the node prints while being executed.

Author: Removed as not necessary.

> So performance tuning optimizations which is described in sections below can be applied for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A performance tuning optimization can be applied for
```

> flow graphs as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
flow graphs as well. See the following topics to learn more. 
```

Author: Applied

> flow graphs as well.

Reviewer: Strictly speaking, provided sections are not related to the flow graph, therefore they cannot be applied to it, in precise sense of the word "applied". Task arena is an orthogonal topic to the flow graph.

So, I would write something like "See also:" instead (if we happen to have similar paragraphs in other topics of the user guide).

Author: Updated

.. _attach_flow_graph_to_arena:

Attach Flow Graph to an Arbitrary Task Arena
======================

|short_name| ``task_arena`` interface provides mechanisms to guide tasks execution within
the arena by setting the preferred computation units or restricting part of computation units.

> In some case, you may want to use mechanisms within a flow graph.

Reviewer: Is it necessary to have an 's' at the end?
```suggestion
In some cases, you may want to use mechanisms within a flow graph.
```

Reviewer 2: Right

> During its construction a ``graph`` object attaches to the arena, in which the constructing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During its construction, a ``graph`` object attaches to the arena, in which the constructing
```

thread occupies a slot. Whenever a task is spawned on behalf of the graph, it is spawned
in the arena of the graph it is attached to, disregarding the arena of the thread

> which is caused a task to be spawned.

Reviewer: I think that the second sentence in this paragraph better be moved closer to the second example as the example now shows this explicitly and so may raise questions of readers.

Perhaps, the best place for it is right after the example introduction words, i.e. line #41.

Reviewer 2: Agree here

Author: Updated with suggested changes.

> which is caused a task to be spawned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that the task is spawned from.
```

Author: Updated with suggested changes.

> The example shows how to set the most performant core type as preferable for graph execution:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to set the most performant core type as the preferred one for a graph execution:
```

Author: Updated with suggested changes.

::

       std::vector<tbb::core_type_id> core_types = tbb::info::core_types();
       tbb::task_arena arena(
           tbb::task_arena::constraints{}.set_core_type(core_types.back())
       );
       arena.execute( [&]() {
           graph g;
           function_node< int > f( g, unlimited, []( int i ) {
               /*the most performant core type is defined as preferred.*/
           } );
           f.try_put(1);
           g.wait_for_all();
       } );

A ``graph`` object can be reattached to a different ``task_arena`` by calling

> the ``graph::reset()`` function. This reinitializes the ``graph`` and reattaches

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the ``graph::reset()`` function. It reinitializes and reattaches
```

> it to the task arena instance, inside which the ``graph::reset()`` method is executed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the ``graph`` to the task arena instance, inside which the ``graph::reset()`` method is executed.
```

Author: Updated with suggested changes.

> The example shows how reattach existing graph to an arena with the most performant core type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to reattach existing graph to an arena with the most performant core type
```

Author: Updated with suggested changes.

> as preferable for work execution:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as the preferred one for a work execution:
```

Author: Updated with suggested changes.

::

       graph g;
       function_node< int > f( g, unlimited, []( int i ) {
           /*the most performant core type is defined as preferred.*/
       } );
       std::vector<tbb::core_type_id> core_types = tbb::info::core_types();
       tbb::task_arena arena(
           tbb::task_arena::constraints{}.set_core_type(core_types.back())
       );
       arena.execute( [&]() {
           g.reset();
       } );
       f.try_put(1);

>        g.wait_for_all();

Reviewer: I also asked a question about moving the code into separate source file for further simpler testing.
I found [this approach](https://thomas-cokelaer.info/tutorials/sphinx/rest_syntax.html#include-code-with-the-literalinclude-directive) that can work for us. Can we use it?

Reviewer 2: @aleksei-fedotov We definitely can make it work :)

Author: Moved to separate source file

> See the following topics to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the following topics to learn more:
```

Author: Updated with suggested changes.
